🧹 Remove Storybook (#181)
calibreapp/react-live-chat-loader: README.md

To add a new live chat provider, follow the steps in [Contributing: Adding a Provider](CONTRIBUTING.md#-adding-a-provider).

## 🖥️ Examples

The [website](https://github.com/calibreapp/react-live-chat-loader/tree/master/website) directory of this repository includes a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) app with example implementations of all currently supported providers.

> For initial setup of the example app, be sure to first run `npm install` + `npm run build` in the root level of the repository, before running `npm install` in the `website` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the initial setup of the example app, be sure first to run `npm install` + `npm run build` in the root level of the repository before running `npm install` in the `website` directory.
```

> The following scripts in example app will then be available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following scripts in the example app will then be available:
```

- `npm run dev` (run a local server)
- `npm run build` (run next build)
- `npm run start` (run next start)

Visit [react-live-chat-loader.vercel.app](https://react-live-chat-loader.vercel.app/) for a hosted version of the example app.

> > 📝  Note that some providers require whitelisted publicly accessible domains served over HTTPS — a service like [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) can be helpful in achieving this locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 📝  Note that some providers require safe-listed, publicly accessible domains served over HTTPS — a service like [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) can can help achieve this locally.
```
